sql: update the USE command explanation in util document (#1075)
pingcap/docs: sql/util.md

USE db_name
```

> The `USE` statement is used to switch the default database. If the table in this SQL statement does not correspond to an explicitly specified database, then the current selected database will be used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `USE` statement is used to switch the default database. If the table in this SQL statement does not correspond to an explicitly specified database, then the currently selected database is used by default.
```
